README.md, before:

# ModulePlanner [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Moduleplanner/Moduleplanner.github.io.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Moduleplanner/Moduleplanner.github.io)

A website to help students choose their modules

Implementation based on this [codepen](http://codepen.io/alcarney/pen/VaYYgp?editors=1111)

Installation
============

To run this locally on your machine first fork this repository and then clone your fork
```
$ git clone https://github.com/YOUR-NAME/ModulePlanner.git
```
then run `jekyll serve` whilst in your clone


Contributing
============

There are many tasks that need completing before this can even be considered
useful:

  - [x] Students should be able to select the modules they wish to take
  - [x] Students should be able to select their degree scheme as this alters
        which modules are core and what optional modules are available.
  - [x] Add pre-requisite & provides to module yaml file.
  - [ ] Modules should grey-out as they become unavailable.
  - [ ] We need a good way of handling the placement of modules on screen
        so that related modules are placed near each other so that we dont have
        a mess.

Commit message:

Hopefully, this will initate the read docs setup. :imp:

README.md, after:

# ModulePlanner [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Moduleplanner/Moduleplanner.github.io.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Moduleplanner/Moduleplanner.github.io) [![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/moduleplannergithubio/badge/?version=latest)](http://moduleplannergithubio.readthedocs.org/en/latest/?badge=latest)


A website to help students choose their modules

Implementation based on this [codepen](http://codepen.io/alcarney/pen/VaYYgp?editors=1111)

Installation
============

To run this locally on your machine first fork this repository and then clone your fork
```
$ git clone https://github.com/YOUR-NAME/ModulePlanner.git
```
then run `jekyll serve` whilst in your clone

Documentation
============

The documentation for this repository can be found [here.](http://moduleplannergithubio.readthedocs.org)

Contributing
============

There are many tasks that need completing before this can even be considered
useful:

  - [x] Students should be able to select the modules they wish to take
  - [x] Students should be able to select their degree scheme as this alters
        which modules are core and what optional modules are available.
  - [x] Add pre-requisite & provides to module yaml file.
  - [ ] Modules should grey-out as they become unavailable.
  - [ ] We need a good way of handling the placement of modules on screen
        so that related modules are placed near each other so that we dont have
        a mess.
